Goals you have for this year.
What scares you?
Do you believe in soul mates?
The people you most admire.
Dear future me...
The most surprised you’ve ever been.
Three things you can’t live without.
Something you’re feeling guilty about.
Your favorite Sunday ritual.
If you could have dinner with anyone currently alive, who?
What was your favorite toy as a child?
Your first dance.
What would you do if you knew you could not fail?
What kind of day are you having?
What makes you unique?
Three favorite TV shows.
What’s your first memory?
Places you enjoy visiting.
How do you cope with worry?
What do you envy?
What’s your favorite time of day?
Things you always did with your dad when you were little.
What would you do if you were a teacher?
How would you like to make the world a better place?
Your saddest memory.
What’s something you love about yourself?
When you were a child, how did you imagine your adult self?
Describe a good neighbor.
Who is someone you miss?
What memories do you associate with winter?
Are you a morning or night person?
A lesson you learned from your grandpa.
What was your first driving experience like?
Your favorite childhood vacation.
How do you normally spend your weekends?
What objects tell the story of your life?
What is your relationship like with your siblings?
What personal achievement are you most proud of?
Your favorite winter recipe.
What nicknames did you have growing up?
Did you ever get lost as a child?
Are you a city or country person?
What are your most prized possessions?
The biggest lie you’ve ever told.
If you could meet any fictional character, who?
Dear past me...
Your favorite books.
What would you do if money was no object?
Your first crush.
What qualities do you value in a romantic partner?
Something you’re looking forward to.
Things that make you happy.
What defining moments were in your childhood?
What do you miss most about your hometown?
Three celebrity crushes.
What are your best character traits?
Have you ever had an encounter with the police?
Four items you’d put in a time capsule box.
What’s a mistake people often make about you?
Two things that test your patience.
What’s your personal creed?
What are the top ten qualities a friend should have?
Something nobody knows.
How do you relieve stress?
How do you handle awkward situations?
Do you have any regrets?
The most disappointed you’ve ever been.
A place you could visit again and again.
What do you consider to be your culture?
Your first week in college.
Your favorite songs.
If you could change one thing about your life, what?
Things you always did with your mom when you were little.
What would you wish for with three wishes?
How do you deal with anger?
Who was your best friend in elementary school?
Three favorite fictional characters.
How do you start your day?
A letter to help organize your thoughts.
In what areas are you pessimistic?
How easy is it to forgive?
What inspires you?
What are you really good at?
Have you ever failed at something?
What would make you feel spiritually fulfilled?
What was your favorite book as a child?
The most important lesson you’ve ever learned.
Have you ever run away from home?
Who is your role model?
Your favorite movies.
Best practical joke you’ve ever played.
Three favorite clothing items.
What was your most embarrassing moment as a child?
Who is someone you’ve lost?
Your favorite smells.
Where are you happiest?
Your first job.
If you had a talk show, who would your first guest be to interview?
What technological device could you not live without?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
What is the dominant emotion in your life?
Something you did that you never thought you could.
What piece of advice would you give, and who would you give it to?
What’s your go-to social network?
What was your favorite cartoon as a kid?
Three things you’d do if you weren’t afraid.
What world festival would you like to attend?
The most fun you’ve ever had.
What memories do you associate with spring?
What was your favorite subject in school as a child?
What’s your wildest dream?
The worst thing you’ve ever done.
How would you describe yourself?
Your best birthday memory.
What’s your karaoke song of choice?
Which language do you wish you could speak?
A letter to the editor of your favorite magazine.
What phrase do you overuse?
What are you most passionate about in life?
What’s something you disagree with about the way you were raised?
If you could have dinner with anyone who has passed away, who?
Who was your favorite teacher in elementary school?
Your longest road trip.
What magic power would you like to have?
The first apartment you ever rented.
What’s your nighttime ritual?
The most terrifying moment of your life.
Where do you see yourself in  year?
The most meaningful book you’ve ever read.
A letter to a friend.
What was your favorite college class?
The best concert you’ve ever been to.
Three pet peeves.
What world record do you want to break?
How would your best friend describe you?
What talents do you have?
What makes you angry?
What five things do you want to do on your next birthday?
Your most recent dream.
Your favorite musical.
Your favorite place to read.
What would you do if you could live one day without consequences?
The most outrageous, crazy thing you’ve ever done.
Your most embarrassing moment.
How you met your best friend.
Three things you want in a relationship.
Your favorite day of the week.
Would you ever get rid of your television?
What would you ask your pet if it could talk?
What concert do you really want to go to?
What’s the view like from your bedroom window?
What are your thoughts on cooking?
A fan letter to your favorite celebrity.
The last thing that really made you laugh.
If you could live anywhere in the world, where?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Your thoughts on D movies.
What adventure do you want to go on?
If you owned a store, what would you sell?
Who would be on the guest list of your dream party?
Who was your favorite teacher in middle school?
Someone who has had a strong influence on your life.
Three things to take with you to a deserted island.
Do you prefer the beach or the mountains?
How do you exercise?
If you could fly, what would you do?
How do you need to improve?
Three of your father’s favorite things.
Are you an introvert or extrovert?
Something you really want, but won’t buy.
If you were a color, what would it be?
Foods you hate.
Who was your favorite relative when you were young?
Was there anything noteworthy about your mother’s upbringing?
Describe a time you felt vengeful.
Where do you see yourself in  years?
A letter to an enemy.
The first time you felt truly independent.
Your favorite board game.
What memories do you associate with summer?
When do you feel lonely?
What one thing would you change from your past?
Your favorite season.
When was the last time you cried?
What is the best birthday present you ever received?
What was your favorite movie as a child?
Your favorite superhero.
What is something you dislike about yourself?
Your favorite summer BBQ food.
How do you indulge yourself?
Your proudest moment as a child.
In what areas are you optimistic?
How would you describe life currently?
Your first car.
A letter to someone who has always believed in you.
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever worn?
Who do you talk to when you have a problem?
How do you make important decisions?
What changes would you make if you were President of the United States?
Your favorite color.
How can you help reduce pollution?
Your college graduation.
What’s a country you would like to visit?
If you could become an expert in something, what?
What  people would you take on a trip around the world?
A healthy food that you love.
If you could give any gift in the world, what would it be?
What does courage mean to you?
Which Olympic event would you compete in?
Your favorite type of food.
If you could be invisible, what would you do?
Your worst mistake.
Do you tell the truth even when it might hurt?
What do you think about when you can’t fall asleep?
How would you spend a day at the beach?
How would you help a friend in an embarrassing moment?
Your favorite restaurant.
A letter to someone you need to forgive.
Which holiday has the most meaning to you?
What’s your perfect day?
Describe the kitchen of your childhood.
Your first date.
Do you think it’s important to have good manners?
Who was your favorite teacher in high school?
What color makes you think of happiness?
Was there anything noteworthy about your father’s upbringing?
Do you subscribe to traditional gender roles?
Describe your childhood room.
What kind of first impression do you think people get of you?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what would it be?
Your thoughts on violence in the media.
Are you tactful?
If you won the lottery, what would you do?
What makes you feel inadequate?
Describe your car.
A movie that makes you cry.
What’s your leadership style?
What’s your favorite genre of TV shows?
How are you different from your siblings?
Your first pet.
How would you describe luxury?
What’s something you love about yourself?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Are you competitive?
Your high school graduation.
A time you won a contest.
What were you afraid of as a child?
Do you have a hobby?
What makes you feel proud?
What does your perfect world look like?
Describe an enemy that became a friend.
A dream that came true.
Describe the time you got your wisdom teeth out.
Have you ever met someone famous?
Why is your family important to you?
What is your relationship like with your mother?
Your youngest friend.
The best victory you’ve ever had.
Where do you see yourself in  years?
What’s your favorite genre to read?
Your travel bucket list.
Your feelings about performing in front of an audience.
Have you ever been in an accident?
The worst vacation you’ve ever been on.
A book that makes you cry.
The most beautiful place you’ve ever been.
Your first concert.
A time you had to be strong.
What was your worst subject in school?
What animal do you most identify with?
Your favorite sport to play.
Who was your favorite professor in college?
Have you ever traveled alone?
What’s the best piece of advice you’ve received?
The worst meal you’ve ever cooked.
Your feelings about the dentist.
What do you know about your father’s parents?
A time you narrowly escaped.
The worst date you’ve ever been on.
Do you have a favorite National or State Park?
A time you did service.
Your favorite place to visit in the fall.
Three of your mother’s favorite things.
What makes you nervous?
Your oldest friend.
A time when someone helped you.
Something you never want to own.
The first time you fell in love.
Your favorite sounds.
The hardest loss you’ve ever had.
How are you similar to your siblings?
A time you broke a promise.
Your feelings about hospitals.
A difficult decision you had to make.
If you wrote a book, what would it be about?
The best pizza you’ve ever had.
What sports did you play as a child?
A time you felt included.
What memories do you associate with fall?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
Describe your family dynamic.
The first time you saw the ocean.
Something that drives you crazy.
Your favorite Halloween costume.
Three things you’re grateful for.
What advice would you give your children about being a teenager?
How do you define family?
What events have brought you and your family closer together?
A time you pulled an all-nighter.
Do you believe in fate?
Something you have questions about.
A time you felt rejected.
Have you ever broken a bone?
What do you do in your free time?
Something you’ll never forget.
The best meal you’ve ever cooked.
What is your favorite room in your home?
The best date you’ve ever been on.
How do your parents describe you as a child?
If you could go back in time, what would you do?
Would you describe yourself as spontaneous?
Do you have any famous family members?
Your favorite sport to watch.
Describe the day you moved away from your childhood home.
A song that makes you cry.
Your first roommate.
If you had to live in a different decade, which?
What do you know about your mother’s parents?
Something you think you could never do.
How would you describe a boring evening?
Your dad’s favorite saying.
A relationship you would like to improve.
Some small moments from today that brought you joy.
A time you found it difficult to forgive someone.
What do you want to be remembered for?
Did you ever have an imaginary friend?
What is your relationship like with your mother?
Is it ever a bad thing to be honest?
What’s your favorite holiday movie?
Do you believe in luck?
Your favorite quote.
Your first Christmas away from home.
What is your favorite holiday?
Your highs and lows from today.
What makes you feel safe?
Your theme song.
A letter to your daughter or niece.
Your favorite Christmas gift as a child.
Some things you want to stop doing.
Your feelings on meditation.
What matters most to you?
Something new you want to try.
Your favorite Christmas song.
Your mom’s favorite saying.
What are you thankful for this year?
Some things you want to start doing.
The most valuable lesson you’ve learned this year.
Your favorite holiday traditions.
Your feelings and beliefs about the holidays.
How have you improved yourself this year?
Your thoughts on body image.
A letter to your son or nephew.
The best movie you saw in theaters this year.
The best book you read this year.
What are you most looking forward to next year?
